I can't believe he would rather commit suicide
He refused to beg for mercy.
I wanted to torture him
Escaped by this old thing
Anyway.
The dust has settled
Sister, we can now
Go back to the city openly
Yeah, you don't have to hide your identity anymore
and
Stay away from women who shouldn't be too close
leave
Senior sister senior sister
When can you be gentle?
When did you become honest?
When did I become gentle?
Long Shun, since the matter has been resolved
I brought people back to Dongying, this golden pill
As your reward for hiring me to kill Ouyang's tomb
Hey, Nanako
Your asking price is too high, let's talk about it
You willingly killed Ouyang Tomb
I didn't force you.
Take it as your reward
Hey you
You don't have a long memory after saying that, do you?
When will I stop having a long memory?
Is this what people deserve?
Sister, be generous
I'll take Ouyang Mu's body back to the ground first
I'll give you three days.
Farewell to Gao Xiaoyun
Then come back and meet me
Wait a minute, I'll go see Miss Qin too
Then contact Lord Wu
Tell him something
It's over, it's time to wrap up